oh hi i am paige iran two hills and i am
leaving the scene of an accident i will
explain what happens i'll put a clip in
of me slowing down for a fallen by
current south road
don't apesh take the console at all
emmalin's
Jensen yeah hey hey I usually do that
but I don't usually post them because
it's like yeah I'm so cool I stop for
people now it's just something you do
you stop for the stranded bikers but
that's all that was an accident
and I saw a biker standing at the side
of the road looking a bit desolate and
since the four guys in front of me
didn't stop well done guys I did so I
was the last of a queue before as soon
as I stopped and I look at the guy go I
know this guy he went to college with me
so I was I'm not going to say happy
moment but well you know what I'm saying
you know what I mean it was a bit a bit
weird so I asked him what happened
basically in that particular spot where
I was going we all rides on between the
right Mouse and the second rightmost
line because cars trying to skip the
line will suddenly go from the second
rightmost line to the third rightmost
line suddenly trying to cut off in front
of cars and that's what happened to him
the guy just tried to cut the line and
stopped and he didn't have time to stop
so either crash into the back of the car
or fall and he chose fall
so he had a problem there so he crashed
the other two stopped cars had nothing
to do with them at least he thinks so
when he got up he saw them bumping each
other so maybe they got distracted from
him or something
he's not going to stick around and ask
he's only he's already had a miserable
start to die he's okay
had no no issues gear worked even though
he wasn't wearing any special pants his
rain pants melted and so protected his
regular pants and his knees somewhat and
he's a bit sore on the legs on the ankle
but he'll be ok the bike itself was also
ok there little one - 5 cc sim wolf had
a broken indicator had a bent gear
leaver and this is why I'm posting this
because I was really happy because I
managed to help him it's the first time
actually stuck for someone no seconds
and managed to help help them the first
one was the guy that couldn't get his
bark started was just pushing his bike
along so I gave him a little hand his
choke was on and after that the bike was
running awfully bad but was running so
he managed to limp his way back home I
hope but this guy he had a bent gear
leaver it was so bent that the gear the
gear leaver on this particular bike goes
straight over
that's rods that then connects into the
gear box so the brake lever goes like
this
and then into the linkage and then
there's the that long rod linkage thingy
under it so to spend so far into the
bike that it was hitting the rod so he
couldn't shift so what I did was get my
Honda toolkit got a wrench and then
using with the wrench and using the some
bolt in the engine as leverage I use it
as a lever to bent it slightly back into
shape so it would
Cass so he could shift again and so I am
stranded him I'm so happy I actually
stopped and helped someone not that
Carter though sorry not my job
yeah so I managed to make one guys
really miserable Friday morning
slightly less miserable that was awesome
I managed to repair a motorcycle yay
know this maybe it's 11 a.m. I am
actually happy happy because I managed
to help instead of the usual hey how you
doing what happened
oh this broke oh okay I can't do
anything sorry so you got your tow
coming yeah okay bye
I think that's how it usually goes this
time I imagine managed to actually give
them a little aids a bit of a chitchat
and back to work I go didn't even lose
much time though awesome so yeah stop
for your fellow bikers sometimes you can
help
hey Jerrod
jabba
Oh Toki trash corral understand our
sister